Improve readme with more project information (#61)
jakartaee/data: README.adoc

== Introduction

The Jakarta Data specification provides an API for easier data access. A Java developer can split the persistence from the model with several features, such as the ability to compose custom query methods on a Repository interface.

Jakarta Data’s goal is to provide a familiar and consistent, Jakarta-based programming model for data access while still retaining the particular traits of the underlying data store.

=== Repository

A repository abstraction aims to significantly reduce the boilerplate code required to implement data access layers for various persistence stores.

[source,java]
----
@Repository
public interface CarRepository extends CrudRepository<Car, Long> {

>   List<Car> findByType(Type type);

Reviewer: Avoid including the`Type` class in the example if we don't define what it is.  Users will wonder if it comes from the specification and where to find it.  An easy change would be to switch it to `String`.

  Optional<Car> findByName(String name);

}
----

[source,java]
----

> CarRepository repository ==//instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@Inject
CarRepository repository;
...
```

Car ferrari = Car.id(10L).name("Ferrari").type(Type.SPORT);
repository.save(ferrari);
----

==== Pagination

Jakarta Data also supports particular parameters to define pagination and sorting.

[source,java]
----

@Repository
public interface ProductRepository extends PageableRepository<Product, Long> {

 Page<Car> findByTypeOrderByName(Type type, Pageable pageable);

}
----

=== Maven

Add the Maven dependency:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <artifactId>jakarta-data-api</artifactId>
  <groupId>jakarta.data</groupId>
  <version>1.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
----

== Code of Conduct

This project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code of conduct. Please report unacceptable behavior to codeofconduct@eclipse.org.

== Getting Help

Having trouble with Jakarta Data? We’d love to help!

> Report bugs with Jakarta Data at https://github.com/otaviojava/jakarta-data/issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report bugs with Jakarta Data at https://github.com/jakartaee/data/issues.
```

== Building from Source

> You don’t need to build from source to use the project, but if you want to try, you can make it using Maven and Java 11 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don’t need to build from source to use the project, but you can do so with Maven and Java 11 or higher.
```

=== Repository

A repository abstraction aims to significantly reduce the boilerplate code required to implement data access layers for various persistence stores.

[source,java]
----
@Repository
public interface CarRepository extends CrudRepository<Car, Long> {

  List<Car> findByType(CarType type);

  Optional<Car> findByName(String name);

}
----

[source,java]
----
@Inject
CarRepository repository;
...
Car ferrari = Car.id(10L).name("Ferrari").type(CarType.SPORT);
repository.save(ferrari);
----

==== Pagination

Jakarta Data also supports particular parameters to define pagination and sorting.

[source,java]
----

@Repository
public interface ProductRepository extends PageableRepository<Product, Long> {

 Page<Car> findByTypeOrderByName(CarType type, Pageable pageable);

}
----

=== Maven

Add the Maven dependency:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <artifactId>jakarta-data-api</artifactId>
  <groupId>jakarta.data</groupId>
  <version>1.0.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>
----

== Code of Conduct

> This project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code of conduct. Please report unacceptable behavior to codeofconduct@eclipse.org.

Reviewer 2: ```
This project is governed by the Eclipse Foundation ... of Conduct. 
```
:eyes: Is something missing from that sentence?

Author: Good, point!
Thanks

* America: 
link:++https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=eclipse-foundation.org_e9ki8t2gc75sh07qdh95c8ofvc@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Toronto++[Eastern],
link:++https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=eclipse-foundation.org_e9ki8t2gc75sh07qdh95c8ofvc@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Chicago++[Central],

> link:++https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=eclipse-foundation.org_e9ki8t2gc75sh07qdh95c8ofvc@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Denver++[Western],

Reviewer: Leave this as `Mountain` time. `Western` will be confusing.
